Hello. Hi, good evening. Is that Mrs. Mariella Kraken? Oh yes, Peter. Yeah. Hi, it's Peter
of Oplahome. Is it okay to speak for a few moments? Yes, yes, yes. Yeah, can I just ask
you to do the normal for me, your address and your date of birth, please? 5 Doney Road, 29
of September 72. And just the postcode? PR26BB. And do you normally pay out of this alone
schedule for weekly, monthly or fortnightly payments? Monthly, monthly. That's great. Just confirm
me as well, you're, as well as the telephone number I'm calling on, you've still got the
email address? Yes, yes. Of Mariella underscore, or sorry, Mariella33 underscore 3 at yahoo.com?
Yeah. And your appointment for the case is still the same as when we last spoke? Yeah.
Great, thank you for going to that with me. Just quickly, five calls are recorded between
the monopurpose office, but my colleague tried to contact you earlier today. Just really
to see if there's been any changes, any updates? Yeah, has been a bit. So two weeks ago, we
had an offer from the buyer for 143, which made both of us happy. And today after I spoke
with your colleague, they rang and said that they don't have enough money for the repair
and they took the offer away. Okay. So we are waiting. Yeah. In same time, my son, because
my ex husband decided he can let my son to buy the house. For me, it's too late because
my credit card is destroyed. So I can't do anything. And hopefully my son can help to
buy the house. I don't know yet. He will speak with mortgage advisor, I think tomorrow because
he has already two houses and this will be like, I don't know. I don't know. Yeah. And
my ex husband, he has been to the hospital again because the anal fistula is still there.
So he's not well. He couldn't walk. He couldn't walk. He was not well. So it is a mess. Yeah,
this is the problem because if he would let us to buy the house from the beginning, everything
would be sorted now and we'll have no problem. But he refused. He was stubborn. And now it's
hard. So it's really maybe he will have a son then when there's appointment, whether
that's an option. Sorry. Maybe it's worth seeing what happens then with your son and
his appointment with the mortgage advisor. No, it's my son. It's my son. Yeah, yeah,
I think your son. Yeah, he is going tomorrow. Yeah. To speak with the mortgage advisor.
And after this, we have to decide what the mortgage advisor is telling us. Okay. If not,
we have another solution because I have to if I've been to the bank myself and the bank
said because the mortgage on the house is 52,000, they can if my husband will sign,
they can give me I don't know what they said something just to give me the 52,000. But
because what we have with you, yeah, we can't do this. So I have to find if I want to take
the house myself, I have to find around the 60,000 pounds, which won't be a problem because
I will have the money in the house. You know what I mean? So it's like a vicious circle.
I don't know where to start from. And because my credit history is destroyed. I can't. It's
not I mean, we've not kind of court judgment. We've not started any repossession activities.
We haven't defaulted it. It is it is showing an accurate reflection of your credit file. So,
you know, it will make things more difficult and costly, unfortunately. But it's not it's not,
you know, a lot of companies will have defaulted the account by the stage. We haven't done that.
So it's just a case of trying to get some resolution in this before things get worse really.
I don't know what to do. Do you want another week to see what happens with your son? Have
a think about options and then I would like another month because I would like to to see
what happened with my son. And because if the mortgage advisor will tell us so, you know,
you can ring any time actually for updates. But unfortunately, unfortunately, we'll move it for a
month. See what happens with everything that's going on. I don't think there's any point. Yeah,
believe me, Peter, I'm not sleeping. And you know, I tried everything. He he didn't want to
listen to me. I told him what to do. He refused to constantly refuse to do what what I said when
when I told him two years ago to do the remortgage. He refused. Yeah. When I told him to let me to buy
the house, he refused when. So I I don't know what to do more than this. No, no, it's it's
frustrating. I'm sure you know, it is. We don't want to pile on. Right. OK, well, I'll do it,
Mrs. Crocker. I'll hold the account for another month. OK, yeah. Hopefully, I will get some
resolution. Yeah. I'll keep the interest off the house. So the house because we never I was smart
enough. And when these people came for the house, I said, I'm not taking the house out from the
market. Yeah, yeah. So you can check with the agency if you want. You heard. And so now I have
the house on the market with two agencies, with you heard and with Kingswood. So when they said
this person came and at one point was another was another person from Kingswood. So we was happy
because you thought, oh, my God, they will start to beat. So maybe you can have more. Yeah. No.
The one which came from the other agency, he changed his mind after one day. Probably he
found another house. And this one informed me today. So I think even though estate agents
are not honest, because we asked, what can we do to secure the transaction?
Because I can't take the house out of the market if I don't secure the transaction. And they said,
I can't. So look like until I don't have the money in my bank account, I am not sure of anything.
Stupid law. Stupid law. Because in Romania, you have like a pre-contract where everybody saying
this is the deal and it will close. Doesn't matter what happened. Yes. Until I think the United
Kingdom laws until exchange of contracts, then then it's still pretty much open. There's a few.
I mean, it's it's a dog eat dog world, the world of estate agency. Yeah. Right. Well,
let's let's see what happens. Let's hold it for a month then. And yeah, fingers crossed,
we'll have a little bit of movement down. But one of the options that you've discussed this evening
will get closure on us. Okay. Yeah. And in my time, he's not well. I had COVID and I had migraine.
Well, yeah. So look like anytime when I want, I don't understand what happened. I don't know what
what happened. Hopefully, it'll get there. No, it's been going on a while. So hopefully be some
resolution. You know, Peter, after everything will close, I definitely need to buy a bottle of wine
to you. No, no, no, it's probably real. There's rules and stuff and things like that. But you buy
yourself a bottle of wine. I'll be happy when it's all when it's all done with. But no, it will get
there. It is frustrating. No, really, I am. I am so grateful. And this is because your voice make
me to feel calm. And he's not panicking. And because, you know, I don't want to speak with
other person because I don't want to explain all the story. But you understand, you know,
the story from the beginning. So we do have a few, you know, obviously, there's, there's other people
now we're, you know, we're, we're merging into becoming a bank now. So there's other colleagues
and such. It wasn't, I'll be honest with you, it wasn't even scheduled for a call today. It was
basically just because the, the other applicant obviously on the account, Mr. Papa, he still pays
direct ever for 20 pounds. So it was supposed to really, yeah, it's paid. But that's, that's just
why it's been scheduled in today, not really for a phone call. So one of my colleagues has just
called a little bit early. But I thought, you know, I may as well just fully finish the call
this month. Let's take a month. Hopefully there's been a little bit of movement with her, you know,
either your son where we stand with that or whether it will be a good, a good solution with my
Yeah, the interest stopped on the account. So the least it's not spiraling out of control,
which is the main thing. Okay. Yeah, so the settlement figure is what the settlement figure
would have been last month. How much is, how much is the figure? I'm saying all that and I don't
actually have it at the hand. Because if I have to, to borrow money, I need to know how much is in
total. Did you get one from us previously? Have you ever seen one? I don't. Yeah, I think it was
20 to 500 or something like this the last time when I've seen it. I think it's a little bit more
because it's got the payment holiday interest on the account. So, I mean, there's no interest going
on. No, but it would be just to know if I have to borrow because it's 52 on the mortgage. They told
me in the bank, you'd probably be looking around 25,200 because there's the actual balance. And
then there's the amount they stopped basically applying when customers took a payment holdout
on the COVID situation. They stopped any interest being applied. So, it's interest wouldn't go on
the interest, but then that's added up. I mean, do you want me to order you a settlement figure
so as you've got exactly what it is to the penny? And maybe they can email it through to you.
Yeah, yeah, it will be good because then I have the figure. You know what you need to cover in
your mortgage. You know what's essentially here. You know, don't, it'll come very formal as if you
are selling, just ignore a lot of the email, just it's got the exact figure for you. Yeah,
and then I know exactly how much money I have to borrow if... Yeah, if you do that. I mean,
I don't know maybe if there's mortgage supplies that can see if there is anything because I mean,
even with our balance and what you send the mortgages compared to what the house is worth,
you know, potentially it's still under 50% loaned to value. So, there may still be some options
there even with the adverse credit, but obviously it's more of a mortgage broker that needs to look
at that. But let me get it through to you anyway. Do you have a good mortgage advisor?
Sorry? Do you know a good mortgage broker? Somebody who wants to...
We're not allowed to rent. We have to be very, very careful on that.
We're not allowed to give advice, but it's maybe... I asked two mortgage advisors and they said,
because my credit is not good, I can't do anything.
That's... I mean, we, with IDN and all, we've got accounts in our books that are in similar
worst arrears to what this is and we get settlement figures through, you know, it's...
A lot of it depends on variable factors, but maybe it's worth, I mean, you know, I don't know
if you accept, you know, maybe look around yourself on the internet and have a little,
you know, information gathering session before making... Or I mean, obviously if your son's got
a couple of houses, maybe, you know, I don't know what he does, whether he's got information.
No, tomorrow it's somebody who, one of my patients recommends, so hopefully...
Yeah. I always think word of mouth is better. You know, if you're doing it in your local area,
you know, if somebody's got their mortgage tied with them, sometimes it's better than just,
you know, picking anybody up. But we have to be very careful. We're not allowed to advise
or anything like that. It's, you know, not for us to do, but I'll get the settlement figure ordered.
You have to think about, obviously, options through. If you need anything from us, drop me
an email or, you know, give us a call, or if you know otherwise, we'll do the monthly cash
off at the start of December and see what we do. Okay. Lovely. Thank you so much.
No worries. Thank you so much, Peter. Thank you. Bye-bye.
